Hua Easy
Someone is going to kill me
Marry Crape Myrtle to that miscellaneous grandson of Wuyou to lead the creation
If only you were born
I will never forgive you
Pardon me?
They eventually
Ask him anything you want to ask
The turnaround has already started.
The most important thing we will talk about today
It's just a question of the star's invitation
Mr. Wu, why are you here?
Old thing, don't pack it for me
I am here today to declare war on you
Mr. Wu, don't be kidding
We've always wanted to be with Wu
Pharmaceutical cooperation
Cooperation I tell you
If you don't hand over Ren Zhiwei and Shen Lang today
Lao Tzu made your civil group completely bankrupt